Adding a new replication metric (WAL GC counter) (#8241)
hashicorp/vault: website/pages/docs/internals/telemetry.mdx

| `replication.wal.last_dr_wal`                           | The index of the last DR WAL                                                                                                               | sequence number | gauge   |
| `replication.wal.last_performance_wal`                  | The index of the last Performance WAL                                                                                                      | sequence number | gauge   |
| `replication.fsm.last_remote_wal`                       | The index of the last remote WAL                                                                                                           | sequence number | gauge   |

> | `vault.replication.wal.gc`                              |Time taken to complete one run of the WAL garbage collection process                                                                 | sequence number | gauge   |

Reviewer: This is a summary, not a gauge.

> | `vault.replication.wal.gc`                              |Time taken to complete one run of the WAL garbage collection process                                                                 | sequence number | gauge   |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `vault.replication.wal.gc`                              |Time taken to complete one run of the WAL garbage collection process                                                                 | ms   | summary |
```
